add standardization files (#7)
Azure-Samples/azd-ai-starter: HOWTO.md

# Azure AI Starter Template

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This file provides guidelines to complete setup after scaffolding and to validate your codebase. Feel free to remove this file.

## Standards and conventions

For a complete set of standards and conventions that will guarantee successful template validation, [visit this repository](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azd-template-artifacts)

## Getting started

Before you get started please make sure to have the [Azure Developer CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/overview) installed. You may also need to meet all requirements in the [readme.md](./README.md) file.

### Step 1 - Scaffolding

To proceed with scaffolding using the terminal, change local directory to the desired one, 

`cd [my-project-directory]`

and run

`azd init --template [name-of-template]`

> in this case, `[name-of-template]` is `azd-ai-starter`. This will clone the repo files to your directory, including all those Infrastructure as Code files necessary for the [Azure Developer CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/overview) to provision, build, and deploy your application.

Author: ```suggestion
in this case, `[name-of-template]` is `azd-ai-starter`. This will clone the repo files to your directory, including all those Infrastructure as Code files necessary for the [Azure Developer CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/overview) to provision Azure OpenAI resources.
```

Make sure to implement the right tools for local testing.

### Step 4 - Deploy your application to the cloud

Once your application development is complete and local testing has succeeded, add or update your Bicep files and the corresponding [azure.yaml](./azure.yaml) configuration to complete your application deployment to Azure. 

#### API Version Information

You can run the[listApiVersions](./scripts/listApiVersions.sh) or [listApiVersions](./scripts/listApiVersions.ps1) script, for your corresponding platform, to get a list of available Bicep APIs

When done, run

`azd up`

This will provision all required resources to host your application and run compute when necessary, and deploy all artifacts to Azure. You may be prompted to select again a region for those resources.

When the deployment is complete, you can test your application in the cloud.

### Step 5 - Validation and template publishing

Commit and push your code changes to your repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/), to run the `validation` workflow. The workflow will create a `Success criteria` issue in your repository, and check the passing criteria.

> If it succeeds and all success criteria is met, you're ready to submit your template to one of the [awesome-azd ](https://azure.github.io/awesome-azd) collections.

Author: ```suggestion
If it succeeds and all success criteria is met, you're ready to submit your template to one of the [awesome-azd](https://azure.github.io/awesome-azd) collections.
```

> If it succeeds and all success criteria is met, you're ready to create a pull request to the [AI Gallery](https://azure.github.io/ai-apps/) following these guidelines [TBD](#)

Author: ```suggestion
If it succeeds and all success criteria is met, you're ready to submit your template to one of the [awesome-azd ](https://azure.github.io/awesome-azd) collections.
```

> If the validation fails, the system will create the corresponding in your repository. Before you open a PR, you will need to fix all issues and close them and mark the corresponding criteria passed, as well as run the validation worflow manually, again.

Author: ```suggestion
If the validation fails, the system will create the corresponding issues in your repository. Before you open a pull request, you will need to fix all issues and close them and mark the corresponding criteria passed, as well as run the validation workflow manually, again.
```
